Currently proceeding with proposal 1

Proposal 1: wat-to-cook(idk what to cook) idk man i suck at naming

wat-to-cook is an web application that assists users in finding users what its name suggests, what to cook. The application will offer recipes from a food API, 
and feature UI to sort recipes based on dietary requirements, regions, and etc.. Some essential features of this website include the ability to list what
the user has in their fridge, and generating a list of recipes that are possible with the available ingredients, or listing missing ingredients an user is
missing in an receipt. For missing ingredients, the application will query a list of possible e-grocers such as Amazon, or Weeee for current market prices
on the missing ingredients, and offer links to the E-grocers to make purchasing missing ingredients convienent. The user can also choose to create an account on
the website to store the contents of their fridge, search and view history of recipes, as well as favoriting any recipes for later use.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Proposal 2: trivHub (trivia hub)

trivHub is an web application intended for use for trivia enthusiasts. The site will offer a near endless stream of trivia questions for practice, as well as 
record keeping so users can review questions that they've answered incorrectly, as well as their general accuracy while answering questions. A leaderboard
tracking the users who have answered the most questions and the users who have the highest accuracy will be implemented. The site will also display local and
major trivia competitions so the user can keep track of any trivia competitions that are being hosted nearby. If an user is interested
in a particular trivia competition, directions to the trivia competition will be provided if the trivia competition is local, and a list of the cheapest
plane flights to the trivia competition will be provided if the competition is out-of-state. A web-scaper will also be used to display the results of 
previous trivia events.
