User Story 3 – Search by Dietary Restrictions
I am a new user that has an allergy to a specific ingredient, such as eggs. I have found it difficult to find a large selection of recipes that exclude this ingredient, so I want to be able browse through a list of recipes with a dietary filter. If I want to cook for several others, I may need to consider their restrictions as well as mine, so I want to be able to select more than one restriction to further filter out recipes. In addition, I would like for each option to be sorted into different categories. For example, if I have a friend who is lactose intolerant, I should have one option to exclude everything categorized to contain lactose (milk, yogurt, butter, etc.), and I should also have options to exclude each of these ingredients individually. Sometimes I can’t help wanting to cook a meal that relies on eggs and cannot be cooked without it (or a substitute). In that case, I would like to have an option to look through recipes that allow me to swap out the ingredient for an alternative (for example swap out cow’s milk for plant milk, or eggs for applesauce). These alternative ingredients should also take into account my specified dietary restrictions. For example, if I am cooking for a friend who is lactose intolerant and also has a nut allergy, I shouldn’t be suggested to use almond milk in place of cow’s milk. These recipes with alternative ingredients should also be suggested to me if the website cannot find any recipes that exclude every one of my specified ingredients, so regardless of what restrictions I am working with I will always have an option that is safe for them to consume. However it takes a while to click through every ingredient I would like to exclude from my suggested recipes, so I would be turned away from using the website if I had to check them off every time I wanted to look for a recipe. This means I need to be able to save my dietary filters in case I want to easily search through recipes in the future.
